well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I guess we got to talk about
hurricane Michael it's a new video don't
worry I know it does makes sense that
happened a while ago y'all remember the
videos about me going down there and
doing relief work we got to talk about
it again because well there's still no
congressional action there is still no
congressional action and the Republican
Party is trying to pin it on the
Democrats of course I mean and that
would make sense that would be important
to do because Northwest Florida of this
is Trump country all right so you
definitely had to do something about
that
the problem is I know we sound like this
but we're not stupid we know the
hurricane happened in October before you
guys lost control nothing got done
nothing what could be done in that
little amount of time a month or so a
lot a lot Katrina got their
congressional action in ten days gustaf
17 Andrew which was the last cat 5 to
hit took a whopping 34 so yeah something
could have been done and now here we are
more than 200 days later and we got
nothing and the reason is because well
the Republicans don't want to get Porto
Rico any money and well I mean I
understand that you know brown people
that speak Spanish and all you wonder
why everybody sees the Republican Party
is the party of bigots this is why I've
heard it referred to as foreign aid guys
that's part of the United States it is
and yet they don't all pay federal
income tax but they pay Social Security
tax which you guys read all the time for
your projects Medicare payroll taxes
state taxes a whole bunch of other stuff
they pay federal taxes you don't want to
get mini aid now Florida itself we give
more to the federal government then we
take
but we can't we can't get any help and
because of the Republicans is being
ignorant about the situation in Puerto
Rico you know kind of like when Trump
said that he was talking to the
president of the US Virgin Islands not
realizing he is the president of the US
Virgin Islands
you know we're hit here here in Florida
we were getting nothing 200 days later
more than six months as well as people
affected by the wildfires in California
and people hit by Florence they're
waiting on help too and they get nothing
and it's being held up because you don't
want to give brown people that speak
Spanish help you guys remember that
during the next election because there's
a whole bunch of brown people that speak
Spanish in Florida tambien just remember
that you know y'all might be making a
mistake here because everybody knows
y'all come up with money any time you
need to do a PR stunt send troops down
to the border or anything else
my guys might want to get your act
together anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good day